Updates cluster capabilities docs with optional IR disablement (#64481)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-image-registry-operator.adoc

The Cluster Image Registry Operator runs in the `openshift-image-registry` namespace and it also manages the registry instance in that location. All configuration and workload resources for the registry reside in that namespace.

ifdef::cluster-caps[]

> If you disable the `ImageRegistry` capability, you can reduce the overall resources footprint of {product-title} in Telco environments. Depending on your deployment, you might want to disable this component if you do not need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you disable the `ImageRegistry` capability, you can reduce the overall resource footprint of {product-title} in Telco environments. Depending on your deployment, you can disable this component if you do not need it.
```
